   In the forest of Mauritius, Calveria is crying. It will never stop.
She is about to get died. However, she does not have any child.
300 years ago, she had seen child face for the last time in her lap. 
They used to grow around there. Calveria used to be happy with them. 

   Calveria asks mountain,"Oh, the mountain, have you seen my Dodo?"
The mountain replies, "Hey Calveria, I'm immobile. Where will I see your Dodo?"

   Calveria asks peacock, "Hey, peacock brother, where did my Dodo go?"
"Nowadays I don't see him." the peacock replies.

   Calveria asks wind again, "Wind, you go everywhere. Haven't you seen my Dodo?"
Wind remains silent without any answer.

   Calveria is looking for Dodo. Dodo used to come. He used to walk around there and eating calveria's
fruit. When he used to get tired, he used to take rest in Calveria's lap.  With this, Calveria used to get motherhood feeling. Nowadays Dodo is not coming. Calveria thinks, "I have never irritated or scolded him. Why is he angry? Why he is not coming?"

   "Wind bhai (brother), could you please inform Dodo? I am waiting for him. Can he come at least once?"

   Wind has seen everything. He is a witness of all the incidents. He has tried to protest against it. He 
got angry and started creating cyclone, disturbance but in the end he accepted his defeat. Finally heartless human race has won this battle.

   Wind decided that he would tell everything to Calveria which he has been hiding for so long. Calveria
may die soon. So there is no point hiding this story.

	Wind started narrating the incident. Calveria listened silently the entire story. 
	
   1507 AD. Portuguese gora Saheb reached Mauritius after sailing the ship in Indian Ocean.
Business was their first priority. Dodos are the ones who welcomed them in the land of Mauritius.
Eventually many ships reached. Many Saheb came and then they brought their cats and dogs.

   Even though Dodos are pigeon's cousin, they are incapable of flying. It will be fascinating to see that
they are very calm. They are very humble. They are not small birds. Their weights are in between fifteen to twenty-five kg. They are very simple, straightforward and innocent in nature. They are such type of innocent, sometimes we may feel they are fool.

   Dodo welcomed them, who became his enemy in the later stage. 
Cat started eating all the eggs of Dodo. Dog killed and ate Dodo's meat.
Saheb also started hunting Dodo. One Dodo is equal to 20-25kg meat! 
Hunting dodo is not a difficult task. If you kill one Dodo, others will be there in the same place only.
Even they don't know about self-protest. They may not be aware of the art of fleeing and defending themselves. Slowly their number started decreasing and later Dodo dynasty became extinct from Mauritius in 195 years. 

   After this story, Wind hugged Calveria and told, "Whatever had happened has happened. You please don't cry."


   Dodo is no more today. In the last 300 years, he has disappeared from the earth forever.
However we have to know what is the relationship between Calveria and Dodo?
Calveria is a large tree. He is also a resident of Mauritius, but in 1973 AD only 13 Calveria tree were present. All of them are more than 300 years old. The fruits of Calvaria are quite large. Skn of this fruit is around 1.5cm. So it is very difficult for the seeds to come out and sprout. Calveria fruit is Dodo's favorite. He swallows the fruit whole. Fruit softens in his stomach. When Dodo ate the fruit from the tree, it couldn't digest it and would poop it out. This is how the seeds were spread. So Calveria tree relied on the Dodo to spread its seeds. No dodo droppings - no Calveria tree.

Dodo has been died. We are responsible for his death. Calveria is about to die.
Indirectly, this is because of human race. We know the reason behind Calveria's problem. But we are helpless. Dodo who could helped her, he is no more. We have destoyed the Dodo dynasty. Calveria dynasty is also getting destroyed.

Calveria is in tears. She cries loudly, raises her arms - "Dodo, o my Dodo. Won't you come?"

